Migrate component docs to next-docs (#961)
primer/brand: .changeset/modern-geese-check.md

---
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> Patched a type mismatch between React 18.x and 19.x for inertprop in `RiverAccordion` component. Refer to the [following source file for more details](https://github.com/primer/brand/blob/main/packages/react/src/river/RiverAccordion/RiverAccordion.tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patched a type mismatch between React 18.x and 19.x for `inert` prop in `RiverAccordion` component. Refer to the [following source file for more details](https://github.com/primer/brand/blob/main/packages/react/src/river/RiverAccordion/RiverAccordion.tsx).

```
